Add readme.md (#14)
drzombey/aur-package-builder-api: README.md

<h1 align="center">Welcome to aur-package-builder-api 👋</h1>
<p>
  <a href="https://github.com/drzombey/aur-package-builder-api/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">
    <img alt="License: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" />
  </a>
</p>

> > This go API build arch user repository packages automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This go API builds arch linux user repository packages automatically.
```

### 🏠 [Homepage](https://github.com/drzombey/aur-package-builder-api)

## Install

```sh
go mod tidy
```

## Usage

### Native way
```sh
cd cmd/api && go run main.go
```

### To use air
```sh
air
```

## Author

👤 **Tim Lange**

* Github: [@drzombey](https://github.com/drzombey)

## Contributor

👤 **Niklas Dörfler**
* Github: [@niklasdoerfler](https://github.com/niklasdoerfler)

## 🤝 Contributing

> Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/drzombey/aur-package-builder-api/issues). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check the [issues page].(https://github.com/drzombey/aur-package-builder-api/issues). 
```

> If you have any Features that you would like to implement, please create a issue that we can discuss about this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any features that you would like to implement, please create an issue to discuss your idea.
```
